So if you're ever in a situation where you feel that a person is suicidal
or potentially could be the only way, and the best way to really
do it is to ask outright, you may feel awkward at first and say, Do
you want to kill yourself? But there are ways to go about and saying,
You know people in your circumstance, whether it's people who have
just recently divorced or people who have lost their jobs sometimes
they consider, uh, killing themselves. Is that something you've thought
about but really stating the fact? Because if you say, Do you
feel like doing something stupid or harming yourself? It's kind of beating
around the bush and doesn't really get to the answer. It really
what it does is we want to give them permission to talk about it.